========
FY 2011:
========
1) Vision: Provide Housing for every Indian. DHFL provides housing loans to all class of indians for buying a house and also provides financing to construction projects. 
2) DHFL vysya Housing Financing provides Housing finance to middle and lower middle class in south india
3) Subsidaray of DHFL, Aadhar Housing Finance Ltd, provides housing finance for Lower income class in north india. 
(note: It is the same year Aavas Financiers statred their operations, in rajastan and spread to 10 states in north india)
4) DHFL accquired Deutsche Postbank to serve the affluent class of india.
5) DHFL is run by Wadwan sons, after Rajesh Kumar Wadwan's death, which makes DHFL a second generation promotor run enterprise.
6) Aadhar Finance Ltd is collabration with International Finance Corporation (IFC) an arm of world bank.
7) As per National Housing bank (NHB), there is 90 % shortfall in housing in middle and lower income class.
8) The Indian housing market is still at a nascent stage with very few affordable housing projects with focus restricted to tire I and II cites. Most of the developers focus mainly on projects which yeild higher returns and not on low cost housing projects which requires greater grovenment intervention. There is a greater need to control the supply & price of housing stock in the country. Land prices are currently market driven which needs to come under the direct control of government. Also, there is a lcak of a mechanism to ensure that housing remain affordable for the masses.
9) Active participation from both government & private players is required for framing national as weel as state policies, especially for low cost housing projects. Efective tracking of housing stock will help in identifying the demand-supply gap & planning for creation of further housing stock.
10) A new communication identity was created to standardize all brand expressions, across multiple consumer touch points. A comprehensive Brand manual detailing each of these expressions was put together, right from the corporate stationery, to corporate and branch signages, to advertising elements for the print, outdoor and below-the-line activation programs etc,. This is for the first time that an exercise of this magnitude was undertaken and will result in a brand that is correctly and consistently depicted, for all communication elements, irrespective of wheather it is done in kashmir or kanyakumari.
11) In order to increase brand awareness and the width and depth of penetration, your company launched a massive communication program for home loans, to primarily cover 133 markets, outside of the metros, mini-metros and class 1 towns, aptly christened the micro-branding campaign, it utilized the print media(newspapers), out-of-home media including hoarding, bus shelters, kiosks, wall paintings, taxis autorickshaws, and the audio-visual medium including Cable TV and Cinema houses. Spread over 3 months, the campaign resulted in an increased brand salience and more importantly in generating enquiries and leads that were converted to sales. Enquiries increased by over 500 % through this extensive campaign and bought home over 5000 enquires.
12) The company has successfully deployed an upgraded version(2.5) of the lLead Management System (LMS). This new system has been developed in-house by the Marketing & IT function. The new version integrates the enquiry capture module with the core loan processing module, thereby avoiding any data loss and providing an effective and intelligent lead management process. The new system has been deployed at Call Center as well as the branch network with customized enquiry management processess and friendly user interface, depending on the place of operation. The system has been inbuilt with auto assigning, escalation and feedback systems. Through this the comapany aims to maintain  better TATs and service delivery. The CRM at Corporate office team continually monitors this system to ensure no customer or enquirer is left unattended.
13) A total of 65741 enquires were generated through the various alternate channels ie, Online, SMS and Toll Free platforms. Total business that was generated was close to Rs 68.12 cr, thereby contributing 2% of the retail disbursements for the year. Almost 65% of the cases resulted in disbursement, emanated from the online business avenue. Approximatley Rs 1.55 Cr worth of deposists was mobilized from thses avenues.
14) Company successfully completed issue of 16869095 equity successfully share of Rs 10/- each at a price of Rs 222.30 per share, including premium of Rs 212.30 per share, aggregating to Rs 375 cr to Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs).
15) The company issued and allotted 40,00,00 and 10,00,000 equity shares respectively of Rs 10/- each, at a price of Rs 222.30 per share, aggregating to Rs 111.15 Cr to Promoter Group Entities and M/s Caledonia Investment Plc respectively on preferential basis.
16) The company's average cost of borrowings for the year was 9.73 % as against 8.55 % in the previous year.
17) During the year, your company raised Rs 500 cr through the issue of long term unsecured redeemable Non-Convertible Subordinated Debentures. The Suborainated debt was assigned an 'AAA' by Brickworks and 'AA' ratings by CARE.
18) your company along with Wadhawan Housing Pvt Ltd, M/s Caledonia Investment Plc, UK and Amber 2010 Ltd, has acquired from BHW holding AG, Germany 100% equity stake
19) All the borrowers of the company were insured against accidental death, property insurance & Loss of employment up to 3 EMI's by ICICI Lombard GIC.
20) Your company has tied up with market leader, ICICI Prudential LIC for 'Home Assure' product for mortgage reducing term assurance, whereby the borrower gets insurance cover on his / her life to the extent of outstanding home loan amount as on the day of death. The primary objective is to ensure protection of the loan portfolio from default due to sudden demise of the borrowers.

========
FY 2012:
========
1) DHFL, today, is the second largest private housing finance company and the third largest in the country and present across 421 locations reaching across all economic segments.
2) Through the acquisition of First Blue in northern India and the launch of Aadhar Housing Finance with International Finance Corporation in the six economically  weaker states of the country
3) Further, your company’s home loan distribution alliances with Yes Bank, United Bank of India, Punjab & Sind Bank and Central Bank of India has provided access into new territories and customer segments.
4) The much awaited opening of the ‘External Commercial Borrowing’ (ECB) for housing finance companies will further provide boost to the segment.
5) The communication program included a well planned and orchestrated brand TV campaign that helped establish an emotional chord with the retail home loan audience, exhorting them to secure the future of their children, with a home of their own. Dovetailed with the TV campaign, was a high frequency Sustenance Print campaign in 10 languages,  highlighting key occupations in line with DHFL’s core philosophy of addressing the needs of the Lower & Middle Income groups. A separate Corporate Print campaign, in business newspapers and magazines, reinforced the DHFL Vision, Mission & Values, among the corporate and financial community.
6) With the aim of getting close to the customer and boosting service level delivery, DHFL executed a novel concept in the housing finance industry – “DHFL-On-Wheels” with much success. A fully equipped, branded and manned van, covered small towns at the grass-roots level, canvassing primarily for home loans, besides other products. The launch of the consumer portal, My DHFL, on the DHFL website, is a big step towards empowering our customers who can now access their home loan records, payments made, etc., online, without having to visit the branch.
7) The Company on 19th January 2012, your Company issued 1,19,09,873 (One Crore Nineteen Lakh Nine Thousand Eight Hundred Seventy Three) equity shares of face value of ` 10/- each at a price of ` 255.50 per
